OKTA-520206 Added accept header for myaccount api version (#3522)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/myaccount/index.md

Accept: application/json; okta-version=1.0.0
```

> #### Access Token Assurance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Access Token assurance
```

> For management API operations (writes), an Access Token older then 15 minutes will require re-authentication, otherwise API returns a 403 with the 'www-authenticate' header filled out, regardless of the expiry time of the Access Token.

Reviewer: May I suggest the following?
```suggestion
MyAccount operations that create, update, or delete resources require Access Tokens up to 15 minutes old. API calls with Access Tokens older than 15 minutes require re-authentication. If you don't re-authenticate the token, the API returns a 403 error with the 'www-authenticate' header filled out.
```
